---
layout: page
title: About GCF
permalink: /about/
---

# About Us #
We are a group of graduate students, post-docs, and others who gather
together to fellowship, worship, and learn what it means to be followers
of Jesus in an academic setting. We provide a spiritual relief from the
challenges and rigors of academia. With God's blessing, we maintain a
thoughtful and welcoming community with the intent to provide spiritual
support and sustenance. 

Individuals in GCF come from a variety of cultures and backgrounds, and
we welcome Christians and non-Christians alike to participate in our
times of fellowship. As Christians, we believe that we have a role as
ambassadors for Christ. For this reason, we strive to be a community
which closely reflects Jesus.

We do not consider ourselves a replacement for a church, but rather a
complementary community whose primary focus is the exploration of
academic life as followers of Christ and how faith impacts the way we
think and act. Graduate school presents its own set of challenges and
pitfalls that can try one's faith. By growing together in faith, we hope
to glorify God and attract our fellow scholars to God's light.

"By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one
another." -John 13:35

# Our Mission Statement #
Unified through Christ and compelled by His love, we as Christian
graduate students and post-docs of the San Diego academic community,
seek to live out our callings by loving the Lord our God with all of our
hearts, with all of our minds, with all of our souls, and with all of
our strengths and by loving our neighbors as ourselves (Matt. 22:37-38).

We come together as individuals to pursue an intimate, ever-deepening
relationship with God that extends to all aspects of our lives. As
academics, we seek to explore our faith from a deep intellectual
perspective in order to better understand God's kingdom and our role in
it. As Christians, we seek to explore diverse academic and cultural
questions, so that we may find a way to approach scholarship within the
context of our Christian faith. We desire to surrender our lives in
uncompromising obedience to His will, as we experience and worship God
with our whole beings.

We come together as a community to share our lives, developing close
friendships and fellowship with each other and with God which serves to
strengthen our faith and affirm our callings, so that we may be
encouraged and built up in the image of Christ, enabling us to step into
our intended place as members of one body under Christ.

We come together as a witnessing community to declare the grace and
reflect the glory of God among the campus community and to serve the
world around us with an attitude of sacrificial (agape) love. 
